[charts-premium] Maps zoom support (#22709)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/map/map.md

{{"demo": "ProjectionMapShape.js"}}

### Conic projections

Conic projections take two standard `parallels` as part of their definition.
The map distortion is minimal along those parallels.
So it's recommended to keep those parallels close to the area you want to display.

Here you can try different countries and play with projection and parallels to see its impact.

> {{"demo": "CountryProjectionShape.js"}}

Reviewer: Feels weird that the grid is "distorted" when using equirectangular

<img width="795" height="349" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0709ea19-7071-4409-8711-d374d2f18042" />

I suppose this happens because the parallel in equidistant should be straight, and the code doesn't handle that 🫠

Author: For once it's not really a bug 😮‍💨

In cylindrical projection the lat/long lines looks like straight lines because we place the cylindre on which projection is done on the north/south axis

<img width="225" height="380" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/012fc8ec-ace4-47e0-91b7-f4595ac41130" />

In this demo we set center, which rotate the globe before doing the projection. so long/lat are not straight line anymore.

The solution is to only set the long as a center and let the translation do the job for y coordinate

Reviewer: API is getting a bit complexey, is there a way we can simplify it? 🤔

Author: Not really

An option could be to only use `center` and based on the chosen projection, we use rotation or translation to put this coordinate in the center of the drawing area.

That would hide most of the complexity, but it will close the door to advanced customization (not sure their is a use-case for it) and I've doubt about the controlled zoom/pan API if we go that way.

I can open a side PR to test this other API

{{"demo": "HighlightedMapShape.js"}}

## Zoom

### Interaction

Set prop `zoom` to `true` to enable zoom interactions.
This props also accept a configuration objects.

The zoom interaction modifies the projection center such that the user pointer stay on top of the same geographical coordinate during the gesture.
If modifying the center does not succeed, it modifies the translation.

The zoom object has two properties to limit this behavior:

- `rotationAllowed`: `'both' | 'long' | 'lat' | 'none'` Limit how the center can be modified

> - `translationAllowed`: `'both' | 'x' | 'y' | 'none'` Limit how the translation can be modified

Reviewer: Together with the demo below, we should probably exemplify some specific use cases so that its easier for users to understand how it works for common cases

Like:
- 2d zoom: rotation none, translation x/y
- 2d zoom with continuous x: rotation long, translation y

> {{"demo": "MapZoomOptions.js"}}

Reviewer: Behaviour becomes chaotic when we move out of the screen, maybe we should restrict/clamp the values somehow? 🤔 

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7ad9d2c-6519-42a6-91cd-b83dbd0938bc

Author: A big part of the chaos is the math to get the latitude back. Sinc emost of the projection will default to longitude+y interactions, it should be ok

Still have to fix some edge cases on the glob but not sure how to do it

Reviewer: Is it expected that `equirectangular` becomes kind of stereographic once it rolls? 😆 

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a9f3ea20-9bd3-4147-b62d-af5c4b907c04

### Control

The maps have a `view` and `onZoomChange` props that allow to controll the zoom.

The view is made of three properties:

> - `zoomLevel`: `number` A scaling ratio such that `1` correspond to the scale where every object fit in the drawing area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `zoomLevel`: `number` A scaling ratio such that `1` correspond to the scale where all objects fit in the drawing area.
```

{{"demo": "HighlightedMapShape.js"}}

## Zoom

### Interaction

Set prop `zoom` to `true` to enable zoom interactions.
This props also accept a configuration objects.

The zoom interaction modifies the projection center such that the user pointer stay on top of the same geographical coordinate during the gesture.
If modifying the center does not succeed, it modifies the translation.

The zoom object has two properties to limit this behavior:

- `rotationAllowed`: `'both' | 'long' | 'lat' | 'none'` Limit how the center can be modified
- `translationAllowed`: `'both' | 'x' | 'y' | 'none'` Limit how the translation can be modified

> In most cases, the configuration `{ translationAllowed: 'y', rotationAllowed: 'long' }` it the more appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, the configuration `{ translationAllowed: 'y', rotationAllowed: 'long' }` is the more appropriate.
```

{{"demo": "HighlightedMapShape.js"}}

## Zoom

### Interaction

Set prop `zoom` to `true` to enable zoom interactions.
This props also accept a configuration objects.

The zoom interaction modifies the projection center such that the user pointer stay on top of the same geographical coordinate during the gesture.
If modifying the center does not succeed, it modifies the translation.

The zoom object has two properties to limit this behavior:

- `rotationAllowed`: `'both' | 'long' | 'lat' | 'none'` Limit how the center can be modified
- `translationAllowed`: `'both' | 'x' | 'y' | 'none'` Limit how the translation can be modified

In most cases, the configuration `{ translationAllowed: 'y', rotationAllowed: 'long' }` it the more appropriate.

You can also modify the zoom result with:

- `minZoomLevel`/`maxZoomLevel`: Clamp the `zoomLevel` between those two values.

> - `maxGap`: The maximal gap between the map and the drawing area as a ratio of the drawing area size. For example `maxGap=0.2` means the map need to fill at list 80% of the drawing area.

Reviewer: `minFillArea` instead?

Author: The adventage of `maxGap`  is the room for `maxGapX`/`maxGapY` which would be weird with a notion of area

Reviewer: can be `minFill` too 😅 

my point is that it is an easier mental model to say how much area something should take instead of how much gap should it have from all sides

Author: What about `maxEmptySpace` the maximal empty space user can leave while panning?

Because this feature is about "do I want to let the user leave any/small/no empty space when panning"

Reviewer: `maxEmptySpace` works better yeah

{{"demo": "HighlightedMapShape.js"}}

## Zoom

### Interaction

Set prop `zoom` to `true` to enable zoom interactions.
This props also accept a configuration objects.

The zoom interaction modifies the projection center such that the user pointer stay on top of the same geographical coordinate during the gesture.
If modifying the center does not succeed, it modifies the translation.

The zoom object has two properties to limit this behavior:

- `rotationAllowed`: `'both' | 'both+roll' | 'long' | 'none'` Limit how the center can be modified

> - `translationAllowed`: `'both' | 'x' | 'y' | 'none'` Limit how the translation can be modified

Reviewer: Would be goo to explain in more detail how each of these work, and compare between rotation long and translation y for example.
